Document USM with datadog-operator (#17453)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/universal_service_monitoring/_index.md

Enable Universal Service Monitoring in your Agent by using one of the following methods depending on how your service is deployed and your Agent configured:

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Operator" %}}

Reviewer: 1. Since it is not yet "stable" I'd prefer to move it to be after `Kubernetes without helm` 
2. Consider renaming it to `kubernetes operator` so it will be more understandable for customers

Author: We plan on merging the docs update after the operator is GA. Sure I can rename it to Kubernetes Operator

Author: @urseberry What is the standard tab name that we should go with for the Datadog Operator?

> To enable Universal Service Monitoring with the [Datadog Operator][1], update your `datadog-agent.yaml` manifest with the setting `spec.features.usm.enabled` set to `true` in the DatadogAgent resource:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Universal Service Monitoring with the [Datadog Operator][1], update your `datadog-agent.yaml` manifest. In the `DatadogAgent` resource, set `spec.features.usm.enabled` to `true`:
```

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
   kind: DatadogAgent
   metadata:
     name: datadog
   spec:
     global:
       credentials:
        apiSecret:
           secretName: datadog-secret
           keyName: api-key
        appSecret:
         secretName: datadog-secret
         keyName: app-key
     features:
       usm:
         enabled: true
   ```

> Note: Datadog Operator v1.0.0 or greater is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Datadog Operator v1.0.0 or greater is required.
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">Support for GKE clusters running Google Container-Optimized OS (COS) is coming soon! In the Datadog Operator roadmap is introspection to automatically detect the cluster type allowing for seamless configuration and greater ease of use.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Support for GKE clusters running Google Container-Optimized OS (COS) is coming soon! An upcoming feature of Datadog Operator is introspection to automatically detect the cluster type, allowing for seamless configuration and greater ease of use.</div>
```
Is there a strong reason for including these upcoming features? We usually limit the public documentation to describing the current state of the product unless there is a compelling reason to do otherwise.

Author: Since the helm chart has a `providers.gke.cos` option and the datadog-operator doesn't, we wanted to indicate that support is not yet available, but coming soon. Should I change it to just say "Support for GKE clusters running Google Container-Optimized OS (COS) is not yet available."?

> [1]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator

Reviewer: not being used

Author: The link is used on [line 68](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/17453/files#diff-d13aba713ff0e6f82271659d00de9d22fe613f3c938e5d2a5125ba09a6bbeb4cR68)

Reviewer: sorry, my bad
